{% raw %}<table class="grid">
<tr><td><b>Level</b></td><td><b>Type</b></td><td><b>Location</b></td><td><b>Message</b></td></tr>
<tr><td>warning</td><td>code-invalid</td><td>Questionnaire/55757-9: Questionnaire.meta.tag[0]</td><td>A code with no system has no defined meaning. A system should be provided</td><td></td></tr>
<tr><td>warning</td><td>code-invalid</td><td>Questionnaire/55757-9: Questionnaire.item[0].code[0]</td><td>A code with no system has no defined meaning. A system should be provided</td><td></td></tr>
<tr><td>warning</td><td>code-invalid</td><td>Questionnaire/55757-9: Questionnaire.item[0].answerOption[0].value.ofType(Coding)</td><td>A code with no system has no defined meaning. A system should be provided</td><td></td></tr>
<tr><td>warning</td><td>code-invalid</td><td>Questionnaire/55757-9: Questionnaire.item[0].answerOption[1].value.ofType(Coding)</td><td>A code with no system has no defined meaning. A system should be provided</td><td></td></tr>
<tr><td>warning</td><td>code-invalid</td><td>Questionnaire/55757-9: Questionnaire.item[0].answerOption[2].value.ofType(Coding)</td><td>A code with no system has no defined meaning. A system should be provided</td><td></td></tr>
<tr><td>warning</td><td>code-invalid</td><td>Questionnaire/55757-9: Questionnaire.item[0].answerOption[3].value.ofType(Coding)</td><td>A code with no system has no defined meaning. A system should be provided</td><td></td></tr>
<tr><td>warning</td><td>code-invalid</td><td>Questionnaire/55757-9: Questionnaire.item[1].code[0]</td><td>A code with no system has no defined meaning. A system should be provided</td><td></td></tr>
<tr><td>warning</td><td>code-invalid</td><td>Questionnaire/55757-9: Questionnaire.item[1].answerOption[0].value.ofType(Coding)</td><td>A code with no system has no defined meaning. A system should be provided</td><td></td></tr>
<tr><td>warning</td><td>code-invalid</td><td>Questionnaire/55757-9: Questionnaire.item[1].answerOption[1].value.ofType(Coding)</td><td>A code with no system has no defined meaning. A system should be provided</td><td></td></tr>
<tr><td>warning</td><td>code-invalid</td><td>Questionnaire/55757-9: Questionnaire.item[1].answerOption[2].value.ofType(Coding)</td><td>A code with no system has no defined meaning. A system should be provided</td><td></td></tr>
<tr><td>warning</td><td>code-invalid</td><td>Questionnaire/55757-9: Questionnaire.item[1].answerOption[3].value.ofType(Coding)</td><td>A code with no system has no defined meaning. A system should be provided</td><td></td></tr>
<tr><td>warning</td><td>code-invalid</td><td>Questionnaire/55757-9: Questionnaire.item[2].code[0]</td><td>A code with no system has no defined meaning. A system should be provided</td><td></td></tr>
<tr><td>information</td><td>informational</td><td>Questionnaire/55757-9: Questionnaire</td><td>Validate resource against profile http://hl7.org/fhir/uv/sdc/StructureDefinition/sdc-questionnaire|3.0.0</td><td></td></tr>
<tr><td>information</td><td>informational</td><td>Questionnaire/55757-9: Questionnaire.item[0].extension[0]</td><td>This element does not match any known slice defined in the profile http://hl7.org/fhir/uv/sdc/StructureDefinition/sdc-questionnaire|3.0.0</td><td></td></tr>
<tr><td>information</td><td>informational</td><td>Questionnaire/55757-9: Questionnaire.item[1].extension[0]</td><td>This element does not match any known slice defined in the profile http://hl7.org/fhir/uv/sdc/StructureDefinition/sdc-questionnaire|3.0.0</td><td></td></tr>
<tr><td>information</td><td>informational</td><td>Questionnaire/55757-9: Questionnaire.item[2].extension[0]</td><td>This element does not match any known slice defined in the profile http://hl7.org/fhir/uv/sdc/StructureDefinition/sdc-questionnaire|3.0.0</td><td></td></tr>
</table>
{% endraw %}